TODO:	
Ewar currently unused, should affect radar/jam, multiplicatively
Possible un-discretizing radar; use blurring for edges.
Targeting classes in addition to ammo classes, to allow for anti-radar dmg
Ammo bar, gun costs
Gun inaccuracy/rotation
Doubled fuel consumption above certain speed
Manual/forced decel

Defensive jamming reworked to only modify duration, 
	probably meaning it can only increase to the cap and doesn't affect automate tracking loss.
	Probably strength-based slow tracking loss.

Tracking indicator so you know when enemy is about to be undetected
Predictive firing (including ranges)

Splash/range indicator (Crescent with line through it)
Inspect enemy bars.

Remote-controlled drones, mothership in holding pattern


CUT:
Directional Radar
Independent Vision
Pings/refresh
Power curve displayer
Turrets as leech units.

[BEGIN FROM UNITY]
ECS
Partial turning to solve jitter

Concerning the new ideas of open world and time travel:

Probably the only things that would need too be tracked are land unit bars.

Strategic positioning algorithms may want to have AI goals such as "have a majority of forces at victory points". Otherwise the way it "should look" is too questionable.
But regardless, tactical positioning is a very different thing, on the scale of a mission it really just needs to be re-randomized with units near the units they are trying to protect.
So something like this algorithm would work:
	Select random unit from weighted list
	Select random position
	Cancel if unit is near enough to other required units (optionally with a random chance to infrease the distance or ignore the criteria)
	Place unit and adjust weighting in order to encourage/discourage specialization (the math of this needs to be studied; what does a weighting of A=2 and B=5-1x tend to result in?)
Or select position first, it depends

Clearly ground unt locations should be located before the game starts, with a chance to have a false positive or ID the ground unit. Certain ground units would never start located though.
If a ground unit fires a missile, does that give away what unit type it is / where it is?
Ground recon should be different than air recon, since the former is permanent.

[END FROM UNITY]

RECON IDEA:
Ground is permanently reconned. There's also an argument to make for camera locking so that only direction, not distance, is clear.
For both ground and air, there is a detection value that ticks up. Detect at 50%, undetect at 0%. Represented by circle around target.
Can set a note on the map "probably an enemy here"



[6/20/22, returning and trying to clarify and simplify to finish off an arcade version]

Nodes have:Tree of nodes, expandable list
Nodes have victory conditions e.g. 2/5 means you can attack this node after 2/5 children defeated
Defeating a node defeats all children, so defeating the top node wins you the game 
Nodes have fixed coords or parent relative position plus some randomization from it
Nodes can have multiples for brevity sake, but intially this is leaf-only for UI reasons
Nodes can have chances to be units, but initially this is leaf-only for UI reasons
